welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the Logitech g600 MMO gaming mouse this
mouse has been turning a lot of heads
because it looks like it might be the
perfect mouse because it just is awesome
in fact this is okay total assign
putting the product down this is the
first Mouse that I've seen that has
tempted me to ditch my Akari laser I
know right like I love the Razer Naga
but the shape doesn't quite do it for me
like that but I love having all the
buttons it's great for planning like
torchlight or whatever else I don't
actually planning on the most but it's
still great for RPGs this the shape
looks in pictures I haven't I haven't
touched one yet looks like I might just
go for it
so MMO gaming those twenty of them oh
two buttons I also love the way Logitech
mice track like my g9x is awesome the
only reason I use the iqari is because
the shape really does it for me but it
doesn't have enough buttons
that's pretty stoked on this alright so
200 280 $200 per inch okay let me point
to mega pixels per second 30 G's maximum
acceleration it's like how many G's can
you have like a g20 MMO toon button it's
a twelve thumb button the clickable
scroll wheel that tilts dpi and profile
switching all pre-configure for all
tomorrow and will use right of the box
no drivers required however you'll still
benefit from installing drivers
intuitive fun panel design it looks
really good but I haven't tried it yet
total personalization three onboard
profiles store all your button
assignments tracking information and
lighting color settings use them as is
or download the optional software to
tweak them to perfection G shift and dpi
shift activate G shift with the ring
finger button doubling the functionality
of any thumb button oh cool so you can
shift neat okay or set your profile to
use the button for dpi shift lowering
the sensors dpi for precision moves like
for sniping for example crafted for
comfort it looks pretty good high
precision laser sensor people swear by
optical sensors still but I'm not really
that sold look I love the iqari laser I
can't think of any of you
now we want an optical sensor versus
that one intuitive light-up thumb tunnel
made for the way you play so you can
actually change the lighting to any
color red green blue white or anything
in between and let's go ahead and have a
look you know the box could have been
this big if they didn't have to say so
much about how awesome this Mouse is
because this is all we really needed
okay no no software included download
the latest from Logitech which is good
just fine just fine
oh wow this is the best sleeping I've
seen on the court of a mouse ever like
ever like look at this even right out of
the box it looks like rope it doesn't
have any of that like wired kinkiness to
it not really it basically looks like
the cord is wrapped in carbon fiber like
can you see that can you see how awesome
that is I yeah like I was biased already
towards this mouse just because I'm
really hoping it's as awesome as I think
it is but now it's just sort of making
it really hard for me to not just want
one okay another thing that I love about
Logitech I know their mice are durable
I've been using my g9 for a few years
now and the feets are still basically
like the day I got it they don't wear
through at all so again this the g600
has very large very large slippy pads on
the bottom all along the top of the
mouse all on the bottom of the mouse all
the shape is like sex in your hand but
in a good way
it's like perfect it's not a huge mouse
um so if you have smaller hands it's
probably going to work perfect for you
as a palm grip you can see I can hold on
to that just fine like I can shake my
hand around I can hold on to it but
without accidentally pressing any
buttons except that left click I'm
actually pressing that one but I'm not
too worried about that none of the I
don't have to hold on so tight that I'm
going to accidentally press any of these
buttons though that's for sure
let's go ahead and peel this off okay
got like kind of a sort of crisis
Nanosuit looking pattern on the side
here back got ug 600 you got all your
buttons okay so let me just sort of
visualize what these are like so
naturally these six are going to be easy
I can tell that much just feeling them
so these six at the front here are going
to be easy once you come over these two
ridges it becomes very clear which set
you're touching and let me just see I'm
going to be able to move this while
operating these or operating these it
requires a bit of a shift so what I'd
say is you would want to have sort of
these six be your main ones that you use
and these ones would be like your
backups with the exception of ones like
this which you can reach quite easily
even without moving just by rolling your
thumb back and maybe yeah the bottom
one's a little bit tougher even this
one's pretty easy to feel just because
you can you can really this Ridge right
here is really the landmark that you've
got so these all curve in when you have
to have a look at this from the side
they all curve in towards the center
which gives you a really good feel for
the 6 and the 6 and then these are quite
sharp as you roll over those so that
gives you a really good idea of which
one you have your thumb on at any given
time it's quite smart the one problem I
had with the Naga was that really for me
to use them I was only able to feel my
way around maybe four or five of the
button rooms easily this one I think I
could probably use at least seven to
eight of them without any difficulty
this one as well is going to be quite
easy to get to because of the fact that
it's got this this bump on it right here
so I'm thinking at least eight nine this
is pop man I'm liking this so you got a
couple more G buttons here this is that
one that can be programmed either as a
shift or as a or as a dpi switcher
another programmable button here these
see I can reach that like this this one
I don't find to be that useful though
the g8 I don't think I'd be able to
reach that in a game this has a tilt
either way that'll obviously be usable
middle-click will be usable and the
shape of this is very nice your fingers
fit in quite easily and the pinky can
either sit on the grip here perfectly
and grip so that you can keep it above
the mousepad if you want or you can let
your pinky drag which some people do
like to do as well I'm actually going to
get slick to give us the large handed
person perspective on this so here just
give me the camera and sort of just
maybe give me the give me the nod or the
not nod so that's what it looks like in
much larger hands here here's slicks
hand versus my hand certainly yeah see
so we're talking a pretty big difference
here that's not a trick of the camera
folks anything MIT mostly claw grip yeah
okay
see for me I can palm it what if you
tried upon it yeah so that's kind of
jokes if you try to palm that your
fingertips will be nowhere near the
buttons see that so just a couple dates
oh yeah it'll be a claw grip for larger
handed people and it'll be a fingertip
grip for people who have smaller hands
or the ladies out there who want to play
there you know my little pony anima or
whatever it is the girls girl gamers
play I'm just I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding I know girl gamers play real
games they just aren't watching this
channel so I don't have to worry about
what they think okay okay okay
nice to be clear three percent of my
viewers are female so for those three
percent I'm sorry thank you for checking
out this unboxing and first look at the
oh you want me to plug it in right he
kept gesturing I wasn't sure like I
wasn't sure what he meant by he could
have met like shank someone or you could
admit like I don't know I wasn't sure
where he was going with that let's go
ahead and plug it in and have a look at
the lighting effect so I'm expecting it
to glow at some point all year looks
pretty good
look at that a sigh closer all the
colors for you well it's like doing
something fantastic actually those are
some of the better so there's some of
the better color transitions that I've
seen as well very very granular so thank
you for checking out this unboxing and
first look online is tech tips don't
forget to subscribe for more boxing's
reviews and other computer video